add jobsToFetch parameter to azure pipelines docs (#1082)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.10/scalers/azure-pipelines.md

- `activationTargetPipelinesQueueLength` - Target value for activating the scaler. Learn more about activation [here](./../concepts/scaling-deployments.md#activating-and-scaling-thresholds).(Default: `0`, Optional)
- `parent` - Put the name of the ADO agent that matched the ScaledObject. e.g. mavenagent-scaledobject may have an initial deployment called "mavenagent-keda-template"; this is the deployment that is made offline. This name is provided to the initial deployment as the environment variable "AZP_NAME"
- `demands` - Put the demands string that was provided to the ScaledObject. This MUST be a subset of the actual capability list the agent has. e.g. `maven,docker`

> - `jobsToFetch` - The number of the jobs that Keda will fetch for the pool from Azure Pipeline API (the default is 250 but if you think you have more than 250 jobs waiting to get an agent in the same pool you can increase it.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jobsToFetch` - The number of the jobs that KEDA will fetch for the pool from Azure Pipeline API (Default: `250`, Optional)
```
